README.md, before:

# Pixel Icons 👾

A pixel art icon theme for Visual Studio Code, giving your editor a retro feel.

> [!NOTE]
> Window zoom level `0` is recommended, otherwise the icons will look blurry.

## Features

- 🎨 **Pixel Art Style:** Hand-crafted 16x16 pixel art icons.
- 📂 **Extensive Support:** Covers common file types, configuration files, and folders.
- 🕶️ **Retro Vibes:** Perfect for those who love the 8-bit aesthetic.

## Installation

1. Open the **Extensions** sidebar in VS Code (`Ctrl+Shift+X`).
2. Search for `Pixel Icons`.
3. Click **Install**.

## Activation

1. Open the **Command Palette** (`Ctrl+Shift+P`).
2. Search for and select `Preferences: File Icon Theme`.
3. Choose **Pixel Icons** from the list.

## Contributing

Want to add a new icon or fix a bug? Please read [DEVELOPMENT.md](DEVELOPMENT.md) for setup and contribution guidelines.

## Credits

This theme was inspired by the work of [Platinumaniac](https://github.com/Platinumaniac) and their project [vscode-plat-pixel-icons](https://github.com/Platinumaniac/vscode-plat-pixel-icons). Some of the initial icons were from this source.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

Commit message:

docs: add header and preview images

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

![Pixel Icons](docs/images/header.png)

A pixel art icon theme for Visual Studio Code.

![Preview of Pixel Icons Theme](docs/images/sheet.png)

[![VS Code Marketplace](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/Azganoth.pixel-icons?style=for-the-badge&label=VS%20Marketplace&labelColor=1F1F1F&logo=visual-studio-code&color=0077b9)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Azganoth.pixel-icons)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Full%20Icon%20List-Website-0077b9?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=1F1F1F&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)](https://vscode-pixel-icons.vercel.app/)

</div>

> [!NOTE]
> For best results set your Window Zoom Level to `0`. Anti-aliasing at non-integer scales makes pixel art look blurry.

## Why Pixel Icons?

I've always liked the 8-bit aesthetic, but I struggled to find a VS Code icon theme that felt truly complete.

Inspired by the excellent work of [Platinumaniac](https://github.com/Platinumaniac), I used their icons as a foundation and massively expanded the set. My goal is to cover most of the modern dev stack while keeping that crisp, hand-crafted retro feel. 🙂

## Installation

1. Open the **Extensions** sidebar in VS Code (`Ctrl+Shift+X`).
2. Search for `Pixel Icons`.
3. Click **Install**.

## Activation

1. Open the **Command Palette** (`Ctrl+Shift+P`).
2. Search for and select `Preferences: File Icon Theme`.
3. Choose **Pixel Icons** from the list.

## Contributing

Want to add a new icon or fix a bug? Please read [DEVELOPMENT.md](DEVELOPMENT.md) for setup and contribution guidelines.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.
